 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20224   -118.5621   243.4   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   2.5928 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20224   -118.5621   243.7   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   2.0372 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20224   -118.5621   243.9   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   2.2224 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20224   -118.5621   244.1   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   2.2224 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20224   -118.5621   244.3   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   2.2224 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20224   -118.5621   244.5   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   2.0372 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20224   -118.5621   244.6   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   1.852 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20224   -118.5621   244.9   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   1.852 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20224   -118.5621   245.1   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   1.852 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20224   -118.5621   245.1   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   1.852 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20224   -118.5621   245.4   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   1.852 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20223   -118.5621   245.4   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   1.6668 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20223   -118.5621   245.5   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   1.4816 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20223   -118.5621   245.7   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   1.6668 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20223   -118.5621   245.8   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   1.6668 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20223   -118.5621   245.8   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   1.852 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20223   -118.5621   245.8   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   2.0372 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20223   -118.5621   245.9   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   2.2224 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20222   -118.5621   245.7   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   2.4076 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20222   -118.5621   245.6   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   2.5928 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20222   -118.5621   245.4   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   2.778 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20222   -118.5621   245.2   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   2.778 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20222   -118.5621   245   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   2.9632 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20222   -118.5621   244.8   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   3.1484 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20222   -118.5621   244.6   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   3.1484 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20222   -118.5621   244.5   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   3.1484 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20222   -118.5621   244.5   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   3.1484 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20222   -118.5621   244.4   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   3.1484 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20222   -118.5621   244.3   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   3.1484 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20222   -118.5621   244.3   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   3.1484 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20222   -118.5621   244.4   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   2.9632 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20222   -118.5621   244.3   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   2.9632 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20222   -118.5621   244.5   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   2.9632 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20222   -118.5621   244.6   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   2.9632 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20222   -118.5621   244.8   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   2.9632 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20222   -118.5621   245.2   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   2.9632 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20222   -118.5621   245.4   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   3.1484 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20222   -118.5621   245.7   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   3.1484 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20222   -118.5621   245.9   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   3.3336 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20221   -118.5621   246.1   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   3.3336 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20221   -118.5622   246.4   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   3.3336 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20221   -118.5622   246.6   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   3.3336 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20221   -118.5622   246.9   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   3.3336 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20221   -118.5622   247.1   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   3.3336 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20221   -118.5622   247.3   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   3.1484 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20221   -118.5622   247.5   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   2.9632 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20221   -118.5622   247.8   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   2.778 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20221   -118.5622   248   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   2.778 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20221   -118.5622   248.2   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   2.778 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20221   -118.5622   248.4   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   2.778 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
34.20217-118.5621264.4undefined 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
undefinedundefinedundefined2.2224 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
34.20217-118.5621264.1undefined 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
undefinedundefinedundefined2.0372 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
34.20217-118.5621264.1undefined 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
undefinedundefinedundefined2.4076 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
34.20217-118.5621263.8undefined 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
undefinedundefinedundefined1.852 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
34.20217-118.5621263.5undefined 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
undefinedundefinedundefined2.0372 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
34.20218-118.5621263.2undefined 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
undefinedundefinedundefined1.852 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
34.20218-118.5621262.8undefined 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
undefinedundefinedundefined1.6668 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
34.20218-118.5621262.5undefined 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
undefinedundefinedundefined1.6668 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
34.20218-118.5621262.3undefined 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
undefinedundefinedundefined1.6668 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
34.20218-118.5621262.1undefined 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
undefinedundefinedundefined1.852 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
34.20218-118.5621261.9undefined 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
undefinedundefinedundefined1.6668 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
34.20218-118.5621261.5undefined 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
undefinedundefinedundefined1.852 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
34.20218-118.5621261.2undefined 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
undefinedundefinedundefined1.6668 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
34.20218-118.5621260.7undefined 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
undefinedundefinedundefined1.852 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
34.20219-118.5621260.3undefined 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
undefinedundefinedundefined2.0372 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
34.20219-118.5621259.9undefined 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
undefinedundefinedundefined2.2224 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
34.20219-118.5621259.7undefined 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
undefinedundefinedundefined2.2224 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
34.20219-118.5621259.4undefined 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
undefinedundefinedundefined2.0372 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
34.20219-118.5621259.3undefined 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
undefinedundefinedundefined1.852 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
34.20219-118.5621259.1undefined 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
undefinedundefinedundefined1.6668 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
34.20219-118.5621258.9undefined 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
undefinedundefinedundefined1.6668 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
34.20219-118.5621258.8undefined 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
undefinedundefinedundefined1.6668 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
34.20219-118.5621258.5undefined 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
undefinedundefinedundefined0 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
34.20219-118.5621258.2undefined 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
undefinedundefinedundefined0 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
34.20219-118.5621257.9undefined 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
undefinedundefinedundefined0 
undefinedundefinedundefined1.6668 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
34.20219-118.5621257.7undefined 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
34.20219-118.5621257.3undefined 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
undefinedundefinedundefined1.6668 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
34.20219-118.5621257undefined 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
undefinedundefinedundefined1.852 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
34.20219-118.5621256.7undefined 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
undefinedundefinedundefined1.852 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
34.2022-118.5621256.4undefined 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
undefinedundefinedundefined1.852 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
34.2022-118.5621256.1undefined 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
undefinedundefinedundefined1.852 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
34.2022-118.5621255.9undefined 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
undefinedundefinedundefined2.0372 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
34.2022-118.5621255.4undefined 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
undefinedundefinedundefined2.0372 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
34.2022-118.5621255undefined 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
undefinedundefinedundefined2.0372 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
34.2022-118.5621254.6undefined 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
undefinedundefinedundefined2.0372 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
34.2022-118.5621254.3undefined 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
undefinedundefinedundefined2.0372 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
34.2022-118.5621253.9undefined 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
undefinedundefinedundefined2.0372 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
34.20221-118.5621253.5undefined 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
undefinedundefinedundefined2.0372 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
34.20221-118.5621253.4undefined 
undefinedundefinedundefinedundefined 
undefinedundefinedundefined2.0372 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.2022   -118.5619   239.9   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.2022   -118.5619   239.9   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.2022   -118.5619   239.9   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.2022   -118.5619   239.9   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.2022   -118.5619   239.9   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.2022   -118.5619   239.8   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.2022   -118.5619   239.8   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.2022   -118.5619   239.8   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.2022   -118.5619   239.8   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.2022   -118.5619   239.8   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.2022   -118.5619   239.8   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20221   -118.5619   239.8   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20221   -118.5619   239.8   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20221   -118.5619   239.7   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20221   -118.5619   239.8   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20221   -118.5619   239.8   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20221   -118.5619   239.7   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20221   -118.5619   239.7   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20222   -118.5619   239.7   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20222   -118.5619   239.7   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20222   -118.5619   239.7   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
34.20222   -118.5619   239.8   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20222   -118.5619   239.8   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20221   -118.5619   239.9   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20221   -118.5619   239.8   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20221   -118.5619   239.8   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20221   -118.5619   239.9   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20222   -118.5619   239.8   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20222   -118.5619   239.8   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20222   -118.5619   239.8   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20222   -118.5619   239.8   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20222   -118.5619   239.8   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20222   -118.5619   239.8   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20222   -118.5619   239.7   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20222   -118.5619   239.7   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20222   -118.5619   239.7   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20222   -118.5619   239.7   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20222   -118.5619   239.7   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20222   -118.5619   239.6   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20226   -118.562   239.5   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20226   -118.562   239.5   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20226   -118.562   239.6   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20226   -118.562   239.5   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20226   -118.562   239.5   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20226   -118.562   239.5   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20226   -118.562   239.5   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20226   -118.562   239.5   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20226   -118.562   239.5   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20226   -118.562   239.5   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20226   -118.562   239.5   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20226   -118.562   239.6   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20226   -118.562   239.6   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20226   -118.562   239.6   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20227   -118.562   239.6   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20227   -118.562   239.6   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20227   -118.562   239.7   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20227   -118.562   239.7   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20227   -118.562   239.7   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20227   -118.562   239.7   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20227   -118.562   239.7   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20227   -118.562   239.6   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
34.20227   -118.562   239.6   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   undefined 
undefined   undefined   undefined   0